Many members of our department-and yours too, we suspect-have stop teaching the research paper in composition courses because the papers they ceive are so often disappointing and because they believe that freshmen sophomores may not be sophisticated enough to do the kind of thinking ne sary for a worthwhile research paper. These instructors say they view the search paper not simply as a review of information found in secondary sou but as an argument with sources which expands the student's (and the read view of the subject. But, they complain, students seem overwhelmed by wh they find in outside sources and are incapable of weaving the information have gathered into an argument that presents and defends their point of vie Composition textbooks and writing teachers have tried to deal with this pr lem in three ways, each of which has proven inadequate in some respect. One answer has been to provide better training in gathering and arrangin information (that is, library and documentation skills). Though these skills some value, they still are likely to have little impact on the quality of the pa students write in composition courses or in other courses because academic search is a process of inquiry, problem-solving, and argument, not simply information-gathering process. A second answer has been to place considerable stress on the argumentativ nature of the research paper. But though academic research papers contain guments, they cannot be called argumentative in aim or structure because t do not focus on altering the values, ideas, or emotional attitudes of an audie or on moving the audience to action of some kind: intellectual, emotiona physical. The kind of research papers scholars write and reward their stude Robert A. Schwegler is a member of the Department of English and acting director of the Col Writing Program at the University of Rhode Island. He is the co-author of Commnunication: W and Speaking (Little, Brown), and the author of articles on composition, folklore, and Renai literature. Linda K. Shamoon teaches in the Department of English and the College Writing Program a University of Rhode Island. She has published essays on the research paper and is currently wor on a study of academic writing. This essay, like the preceding essay by Richard L. Larson, was presented as part of a panel of f papers at the MLA meeting in December 1981. It will form part of the introductory chapter o book Teaching the Research Paper edited by James Ford (Modern Language Association, forthc ing). College English, Volume 44, Number 8, December 1982 817 This content downloaded from 129.79.197.25 on Fri, 28 Oct 2022 00:00:32 UTC All use subject to htt  818 College English for writing is, instead, what James Kinneavy calls "scientific discourse": writing that makes interpretive statements about some aspect of reality (a poem, a his- torical event, a social movement, or a chemical reaction) and demonstrates the validity of these statements (A Theory of Discourse [Englewood Cliffs, N.J.: Prentice-Hall, 1971], pp. 88-89). A third answer has been that we should give up teaching the research paper altogether because it bears little relationship to the writing that students are asked to do in other courses. Yet students are often required to write papers based on research, and the strategies appropriate for these papers are easy enough to recognize-and to make part of research paper instruction in composi- tion courses. As we see it, the first step in a satisfactory answer to the research paper problem is to recognize the considerable difference between the way students view the research paper (and have been taught to view it) and the way most college instructors and other researchers view it. The second step is to begin to base research paper instruction on a sound understanding of the features of academic research writing, features that characterize the
